updated the article with a new GIF and style guide changes (#4479)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Getting-Started/Migrate-Existing-Site/index.md

# Migrating an Existing Site to Umbraco Cloud

Sometimes you may already have a Umbraco site built that did not start with a clone of a Umbraco Cloud site.
Or perhaps you have decided to move a site that's already live on Umbraco Cloud.

> Migrating an existing site is not difficult, however it require some specific steps, and an understanding of how Umbraco Cloud deployments work, can be helpful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrating an existing site requires some specific steps and an understanding of how Umbraco Cloud deployments work can be helpful.
```
